I just tested the app again with two accounts on my phone and in the Replit web preview.

Current status:

Community feed shows real posts correctly.

Tapping on the author now opens their profile – this works.

But now I cannot create a new post and cannot add comments:

On mobile (Expo Go), when I try to create a post, I get a “failed, try again” message.

When I try to comment on a post, nothing happens – the comment is not saved.

In the Replit web preview, the same thing happens: creating a post or commenting also fails.

So:
GET for community works, but POST for posts and comments is broken.

Please do the following:

A. Fix POST for creating Community posts

Reproduce the bug yourself:

Start the app, open the Community tab.

Log in with a test account.

Try to create a new post from the “Ask the community” flow.

Watch the server console for any errors when sending the request.

Check the backend route that creates posts, for example in server/routes/community.js (or whatever file handles POST /api/community):

Make sure the route still matches what the frontend sends.

Check that the expected body fields (title, description, category, status, userId, etc.) match the frontend.

Make sure express.json() and URL-encoded parsing are correctly set up in server/index.js so the body is parsed.

Fix whatever is causing the POST to fail:

If a required field is missing, either:

update the frontend to send it, or

relax the validation on the backend.

If there is a SQL/query error, fix the query to insert the post correctly in the community_posts (or equivalent) table.

Ensure the route returns a proper JSON response with the created post.

After the fix:

Creating a post from mobile and web preview should:

Succeed without “failed, try again”.

Immediately show the new post in the feed for both accounts after refresh.

Add debug logs around the POST handler, for example:

[COMMUNITY] Incoming POST body: ...

[COMMUNITY] Successfully created post with id ...
so it’s clear in the console what happens.

B. Fix POST for creating comments

Find the backend route that creates comments for a community post
(for example POST /api/community/:postId/comments or similar).

Reproduce the bug:

Try to add a comment to an existing post (from mobile or web preview).

Watch the backend console and see what error is thrown.

Make sure:

The frontend sends the correct body (e.g. content, postId, userId).

The backend inserts the comment into the correct comments table.

The response contains the created comment object.

Update the frontend comment-submit handler so that:

It awaits the API call.

On success, it adds the new comment to the local state so it appears immediately.

On error, it shows a friendly message (not just “failed, try again”).

Verify end-to-end with two accounts:

Account A creates a post.

Account B adds a comment → both accounts see the comment after refresh on mobile and web.

No “failed” errors appear.

C. Keep existing features working

While fixing this, please make sure:

The Community feed still:

uses only real database posts (no sample data).

shows posts from both accounts consistently.

Notifications / comment notifications are not broken by these changes.

All new code follows the existing structure:

Use the same CommunityContext for fetching and refreshing posts.

Keep any TypeScript types (if present) in sync with the updated backend payload.

Finally, please:

List which files you modified (frontend and backend).

Briefly explain:

Why POST for posts and comments was failing.

How you fixed it.

Confirm that you tested:

creating posts,

adding comments,
from both:

Replit web preview

a physical device via Expo Go.